SKU reviews dynamic variation (#18)
skroutz/skroutz-analytics-woocommerce: README.md

3. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress admin.
4. Set the `Shop Account ID` to the plugin's settings.

#### Filters

> 1. [wc_skroutz_analytics_product_id_filter][13]
> 2. [wc_skroutz_analytics_product_variation_id_filter][14]

Reviewer: I think we can change these to anchor links

```suggestion
1. [wc_skroutz_analytics_product_id_filter](#i-dont-use-neither-product-id-nor-sku-in-xml-but-a-custom-postmeta-id)
2. [wc_skroutz_analytics_product_variation_id_filter](#after-integrating-product-reviews-service-i-cannot-see-reviews-for-variation-products)
```

3. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress admin.
4. Set the `Shop Account ID` to the plugin's settings.

## Filters

The plugin provides [filters][12] that allows you to customize some fields that will be reported to analytics in an order. The filters
in the plugin are as follows:

1. The filter tag is: `wc_skroutz_analytics_product_id_filter`, the value is the generated
   Unique ID and the additional argument is the product object (WC_Product | WC_Product_Variable).

   Usage example:

    ```
    function my_product_id( $id, $product ) {
        return "my-{$id}-custom-{$product->get_sku()}";
    }
    add_action( 'wc_skroutz_analytics_product_id_filter', 'my_product_id', 10, 2 );
    ```

2. The filter tag is: `wc_skroutz_analytics_product_reviews_widget_id`, the value is the generated
   Unique ID with the term ID and the additional argument is the product object (WC_Product | WC_Product_Variable).

   Usage example:

    ```

>     function my_product_variation_id( $variation_id, $product ) {

Reviewer 2: [minor] I would rename the function name as well to sth like: "my_product_reviews_widget_id". Don't forget the change the callback name in the add_action as well.

[9]: LICENSE.txt
[10]: https://merchants.skroutz.gr/merchants/account/settings/analytics
[11]: https://wordpress.org/plugins/skroutz-analytics-woocommerce/
[12]: https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/hooks/filters/

> 

Reviewer 2: It is a good common practice to leave an empty line at the end of each file

[10]: https://merchants.skroutz.gr/merchants/account/settings/analytics
[11]: https://wordpress.org/plugins/skroutz-analytics-woocommerce/
[12]: https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/hooks/filters/
[13]: https://github.com/skroutz/skroutz-analytics-woocommerce#none-of-the-settings-for-the-unique-product-id-works-for-me-can-i-have-a-custom-unique-id

> [14]: https://github.com/skroutz/skroutz-analytics-woocommerce#after-integrating-product-reviews-service-i-cannot-see-reviews-for-variation-products

Reviewer: And then drop these
